1.Section A
Name of State / UT 
	Auto populated based on userid logged in with.
SLCC Constituted - Yes/No
Date of Constitution
	Enabled-if SLCC Constituted = Yes. user can enter the date of constitution
	Disabled-if SLCC Constituted = No. In this case user can not be able to enter date.


Section B: Committee Composition
Member Name: Name of member of Committee
Designation In Committee: Designation of member in Committee
Designation In Department: Designation of member in department
Department/Organization:
	Drop down list with department name.
	user have to select the department from which the member belong to.
	if list does not contain the required department then that can entered through backend. user have to inform about such department.
	The predefined list is used to reduce ambiguity and ensure consistency in the report.
	
Note: (i) Section A and B are one time entry
      (ii) Section A and B are also editable, user edit Section A and B in case of trasfer or change of member.
-------------------------

2. Section C: SLCC Meeting Details
Entered after each meeting. This section is used to keep record of each meeting.

Date: Date of Meeting
Meeting Chaired By: select from given option
	in case of Convener or Other - "please specify" option will be there.

Count of participant: This is show the sum of all member in meeting

Committee Member Present in the Meeting
	In this section all the member entered by user in Section B, should be populated automatically i.e ( Member Name, Designation in Committee, Designation in Department and Department/Organization) 
	Is Present - user have to enter whether the member present int the meeting or not by clicked radio button - Yes or No.
	
Non-Committee Members Present in the Meeting
	if any member who is not part of committee and attend the meeting. detail of such person should be entered in this section.
	(i) Participant Name - Name of participant
	(ii)Designation in Department - Designation of participant in the department
	(iii)Department/Organization - from which participant belongs to.

Key Discussion point
	user will enter the key discussion point

Upload MoM
	user will have to upload the MoM

Upload Picture
	user will have to upload the picture of meeting

Submit:
	only enabled if MoM and meeting picture uploaded.

---------------------------
3. Report - coordination committee at a glance
	(i) State
	(ii)Date of Meeting
	(iii)Total Member In Committee
	(iii)Total Committee member present in Meeting
	(iv)Total Participant in the meeting (including member and non member of committee)
	(v)Minutes
	(vi)Meeting Picture
	(vii)Detail report - link to report " SLCC Detailed Meeting report"
---------------------------
4. Coordination Committee (SLCC) Meeting Report
	This report contain all department wise details.
	(i) Meeting Date
	(ii)Meeting Chaired By
	(iii) Total count of participant - Total participant including member and non member
	(iv)Participation by Department wise
		(a)Department
		(b)Total Participation in Meeting
		(c)Total committee member present in meeting - 
	(iV) Committee Member's Participation\
		in this section all the member list will be displayed will all the detail mentioned in the screenshot ( Member Name, Designation in Committee, Designation in department, Department name, Is present in meeting or not )
	Key Decision Taken
		To be fetched from whatever entered by user in section C.


